We know how to access AWOS Casal by signing in from its web interface.
But how about the programmatic access when we want to Manoo play things and access resources on AWOS
using our popular or favorite programming language to do debt access keys and secret keys are coming
into picture.
So for creating an access key and secret key you first have to create a user for that and a place to
do that on AWOS console is I am our identity and access management so to access identity and access
management or I am less typing I am and let's jump right in and within the identity and access management
page we have users groups policies roles and identity providers.
I'm not going to go into the details of everything in this page and everything about the I am.
But the important thing that we need to know about I am is we have to create a user for us and then
we have to be generating our access keys and keys for the user.
And another important thing about I am is that you see these security status on the bottom of the page.
It has some checkmarks that you have to verify once you do the things that it wants you to do.
So first of all Amazon is asking for do healing the root access keys for your account since it's already
done within the AWOS con. It is checked as success and after that AWOS is asking me to activate the
multi-factor authentication like the s m s or application base authentication for my account.
You really have to do this because otherwise your account is not going to be highly secure for accessing
A W-S.
You might just simply lose your credentials or you're logging information and then someone else just
might go into your AWOS account and start launching E.S. two instances and start doing fancy stuff in
your AWOS account and you might get there where you surprised Bill about your usages on AWOS resources.
So to avoid that and to be careful about your AWOS usage you really have to enable your multi-factor
authentication on your account.
And after that we have the individual I am users.
So what do I mean by that.
So you have a account that you simply use for deployment and similar things with like let's say Python
a WSC a lie or anything else.
Just like we're going to do.
We're about to do in the lectures that we're going to follow.
You have to create the user per the purpose.
So you have a deployment user that you just simply use for deployment.
You have a console user that you simply use only for logging into AWOS Casal Amazon and AWOS has very
specific policies about accessing the console and with the programmatic access.
So you can simply specify what policies you want to attach to that use.
And you can do a very finely grained management on those user accounts and apart from that apart from
the individual users on J-ws you can simply create groups and assign your users within those groups.
And of course you can apply and I am password policy to your users in a W-S.
So let's say you want to ex-party passwords for users on J-ws within like 90 days or maybe you're just
simply forcing your users to use special characters in their passwords.
So you want to enforce that.
And this is the way to do that in A W-S within I am in this section.
So let's go back to our purpose after this.
Well I am lecturer and let's go into the users and let's just add a new user on.
I AM ON A W-S.
I'll hit on at user and I'll simply going to type in my e-mail address
and once I do that all I want is a programmatic access.
And as you can see as I mentioned like couple of minutes earlier you can specify where your user can
access to either play programmatic level or a console based web based level.
So since I care about the programmatic access I'm thinking on that and I can simply say that this user
is going to be used as a deployment user and I can simply switch the name to deployment just to be specific
about my purpose.
And let's hit next.
Since I don't have to specify a group for now because I'm simply going to use this for my API level
experimentation.
I'm not going to specify a group now but for accessing AWOS resources of course I have to attach some
policies and I have to say that this user can access some resources on A W-S and for doing that since
I don't have any existing user just like we had in the section here I have to attach existing policies
directly to this user.
And as you can see that we have a really nice interface in here so that we can attach policies to our
user and for our purpose.
I have the highest level of account on AWOS which is the administrators level access.
But if you want to be specific about your purposes you can simply type easy too and you can get all
the purposes about Easy to and all the policies about it for your use or for your specific users.
And you can simply do you see to full access easy to read only Xs and sofort.
But if you go back to our purpose again I have to give the administrative capabilities to my user so
to do that.
As you can see here we have the administrator access for a W-S on a programmatic level.
So within the description section I can see that it provides a full access to AWOS services and resources.
So this is just what I want on a W-S programmatic level access.
So once I select that I can just go hit next for reviewing and I have a nice little review about my
user creation.
It says My user name is deployment and I want a programmatic access with an access key which I'm about
to create right now and I'm going to get create user.
Here we go.
Our user creation is a success.
And as you can see that AWOS has also given me the option to sign in within a different username and
address with the URL they just showed me here.
But since I don't have the programmatic access my users simply cannot do that.
But just below that within the user section you can see that an access key and this secret key is already
created for me from a W-S.
Just expand this section.
It says creative use or deployment attached policy as the administrate or access to user deployment
and then created access key for user deployment.
And here we go.
I have my access key and secret key.
Create it.
So now all we have to do is just take a copy of these and keep them in a separate tap or separate application
or a notepad or something so that we can use them later on when we try to configure our a WSC a lie.
So let's do that now and I'm going to open up a text editor and I want a new document and also just
access key as and the secret key
Let's go back and select it and copied it.
And here we go we have our access key and secret key created and taken into our notepad for later use.
So let's go back to our AWOS castle for a second and you can see that there is a list a little button
right here as saying the download C-s we file within this while you can see the access key secret keys
and other useful information about your user on AWOS.
You can get a nice little table about your AWOS user.
So that's all for creating access key and secret key on AWOS.
So let's recap our steps and first thing we had to do was to create a user for our purpose.
And after that we have to attach a policy for that user specifying the level of access.
Either the administrators level or a like a guest level read only our full right level.
We have to specify the policy for accessing resources on a W-S.
After attaching the policy to our user we have to specify the access level like the console based our
programmatic or simply both of those access levels we have to pick either of them or none of them.
That's the basic idea.
We have to know the purpose of our user first and after we select everything we have to just simply
give the name of our user and we can just simply create it once we finished with creation as you can
see within the screen a W-S gives us a nice little overview of our user specifying our access key and
secret key.
That's all.